Bug - Tidy `commhosp` variable (#1045)
Public-Health-Scotland/source-linkage-files: NEWS.md

# March 2025 Update - Unreleased
* 24/25 files have been updated, containing data up to December 2024.
* 17/18 - 23/24 files have been updated.

> * The variable `commhosp` has been tidied up - now shows Y/N for all available datasets

Author: ```suggestion
* The variable `commhosp` has been tidied up - now shows 1/0 (integer) for all available datasets
```
